Emphasized do not use Application Cache (#1306)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/storage/applicationcache.md

# View Application Cache data with Microsoft Edge DevTools  

> [!WARNING]

> > Do not use the Application Cache feature.  It is no longer supported.  The Application Cache API is being removed from the web platform.  See [Preparing for AppCache removal][WebDevAppcacheRemoval].

Author: Should we remove this article?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Application Cache is deprecated, and you should avoid using it.  The Application Cache API is being removed from the web platform.  For more information, navigate to [Preparing for AppCache removal][WebDevAppcacheRemoval].
```
